Hey I'm trying to learn about waves in physics and would like your help in building a cool browswer widget that will aid me in this effort. Let me describe for you exactly what I want and you can do tyouer best in trying to do it for me. I want it to have a header with the title "Learn Waves". Then it should have a section dedicated to explaining waves. This section should be neatly formatted using css and bootstrap and the container should be animated so that when I mouse into it, I see a tiny move upward that lets me know I am focusing on this section. Actually all my sections should have this animation, so keep that in mind. But yeah this section will basically explain waves and its key properties. At the end of this section it'll have a note saying "Use the controls below to adjust these properties and see how they affect the wave." which sets the user up for using the next couple sections that I'll tell you about next. The next 2 sections should be side by side. One titled "Wave Controls" and the other titled "Wave Visualization". The wave controls section should have controls for modifying Amplitude, Frequency and Phase shift. The controls should include a slider and a textinput for manual input as well. If I move the slider I should see the value in the text input update as well. The controls also needs a start animation button which will have an icon beside the text that signifies start. You can leverage fontawesome for this. If the animation is playing the button should switch to saying stop animation and ahve a pause icon. For the "wave Visualization" section it will display a chart using chart.js with the color of the wave being rgba(75, 192, 192, 1). y axis should be amplitude and x asis should be position. Lastly, make sure the app has a footer that has the copyright icon, and says "2024 Waves Interactive Widget". Please make sure you codee it in a single html file. Thanks for your help!